Shade libraries and add report statuses for ingestion (#346)
Azure/azure-kusto-spark: README.md

[Spark](https://spark.apache.org/) is a unified analytics engine for large-scale data processing.

Making Azure Data Explorer and Spark work together enables building fast and scalable applications, targeting a variety of Machine Learning, Extract-Transform-Load, Log Analytics and other data-driven scenarios.

> This connector sends metrics, logs and trace data to

Author: It was wrong :( Fixed this

> This connector works with the following spark versions :
> [Azure Data Explorer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer),
> [Azure Synapse Data Explorer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/data-explorer/data-explorer-overview) and
> [Real time analytics in Fabric](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/fabric/real-time-analytics/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector works with the following spark environments:
[Azure Databricks](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/databricks),
[Azure Synapse Data Explorer](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/synapse-analytics/data-explorer/data-explorer-overview) and
[Real time analytics in Fabric](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/real-time-analytics/overview)
```
